fix setenv usages in documentation examples (#2016)
tox-dev/tox: docs/changelog/1999.doc.rst

> Examples in documentation use ``setenv`` correctly (in ``[testenv]`` sections, not in ``[tox]``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update examples in the documentation to use ``setenv`` in the ``[testenv]`` sections, not wrongly in the ``[tox]`` main section.
```
